HI! Manager here!

PRIORITY ULTRA: at startup, import default admin user from .env file if there is no admin user registered in database.

IMPORTANT! Make sure you overwrite files like RELEASE_NOTES.md and VERSION_HISTORY.md when updating them, so they don't grow indefinetly.

REQUEST: Please tidy up the root project folder and scripts folder, put the files that don't belong there in their appropriate subfolders. I'd also like you to organize the scripts/ folder better.
RULE: Never deploy until all tests pass and all todo items are handled. Only deploy when given permission byCEO.

IMPORTANT! Ensure we read in values from .env file for database name (it's defined there as SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI=sqlite:///instance/site.db) and other variables like admin user name, password and email. you can see the info in .env file in .env.example file (the actual .env file is hidden from edit view for you because it is in .gitignore file).

IMPORTANT! You cannot run python code directly with console commands, instead write python files in appropriate folders and then execute them with /run your_python_file.py in the appropriate code block. Take note of this. NEVER run python code directly in code sections of coding cycle.

Key Rules:
1. Run minimal tests per cycle
2. Work on one feature at a time  
3. Avoid debug data dumps
4. Never use manual input commands
5. Keep output concise
6. Verify all changes before deployment
7. Maintain comprehensive documentation



I Have updated secret key in .env (and.env.example) to make it longer.



Request: We should also implement some sort of production system where we make the actual server on https://render.com/ pull the CEO approved version of the site go live. Please implement such a system, ask about accounts and verification and anything else you need here. I log in to render.com web services using github login, so we should be able to control it from the cli somehow.

And make sure we do testing on github and proper handling of all that stuff.

Regarding backups: delete older backups and ensure we're backing up site.db properly

---
ANSWER: Go ahead!
